feat: crud room
fix: crud semester validation
feat: crud semester
feat: crud semester
feat: crud booking
feat: crud room
fix: crud semester validation
fix: crud semester validation
fix: crud semester validation
fix: crud booking validation
fix: crud semester validation
feat: crud room
feat: crud room
feat: crud room
feat: crud semester
feat: crud booking
fix: crud semester validation
fix: crud semester validation
feat: crud room
fix: crud semester validation
feat: crud room
feat: crud semester
feat: crud semester
feat: crud booking
feat: crud semester
fix: crud booking validation
fix: crud semester validation
fix: crud room validation
fix: crud semester validation
feat: crud semester
fix: crud semester validation
fix: crud room validation
fix: crud room validation
feat: crud semester
feat: crud semester
feat: crud semester
fix: crud semester validation
fix: crud booking validation
feat: crud booking
fix: crud room validation
fix: crud room validation
feat: crud room
fix: crud room validation
fix: crud room validation
fix: crud booking validation
feat: crud booking
fix: crud booking validation
fix: crud booking validation
feat: crud semester
fix: crud semester validation
fix: crud booking validation
feat: crud semester
fix: crud booking validation
fix: crud room validation
fix: crud booking validation
feat: crud booking
fix: crud room validation
fix: crud semester validation
fix: crud room validation
fix: crud booking validation
feat: crud booking
